added documentation details to about.md (#66)
tachgsfc/gcn.nasa.gov: app/routes/docs/about.md

# About GCN

The General Coordinates Network (GCN) is a public collaboration platform run by NASA for the astronomy research community to share alerts and rapid communications about high-energy, multimessenger, and transient phenomena.

GCN is the established platform for publishing discoveries and follow-up of gamma-ray bursts (GRBs), gravitational-wave (GW) compact binary mergers, and high-energy neutrinos. GCN distributes alerts between space- and ground-based observatories, physics experiments, and thousands of astronomers around the world.

# Documentation

## Client Configuration

> GCN [Client Configuration](https://gcn.nasa.gov/docs/client) documentation for [**hop-client**](https://gcn.nasa.gov/docs/client#hop-client), [**adc-streaming**](https://gcn.nasa.gov/docs/client#adc-streaming) and [**confluent-kafka**](https://gcn.nasa.gov/docs/client#confluent-kafka).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GCN [Client Configuration](/docs/client) documentation for [**hop-client**](/docs/client#hop-client), [**adc-streaming**](/docs/client#adc-streaming) and [**confluent-kafka**](/docs/client#confluent-kafka).
```

## Contributing

> GCN is an open source project built in [Remix](https://remix.run), a full stack web framework. Have an idea to make GCN better and want to contribute, or have a bug to report? Head over to our [contributing](https://gcn.nasa.gov/docs/contributing) documentation for our quick start instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GCN is an open source project built in [Remix](https://remix.run), a full stack web framework. Have an idea to make GCN better and want to contribute, or have a bug to report? Head over to our [contributing](/docs/contributing) documentation for our quick start instructions.
```

Reviewer: Also clarify that the GCN _web site_ is built in Remix. Although our contributing guide currently only talks about how to get involved with contributing to the web site.

## Roadmap

> Interested in our roadmap? Check out our [roadmap documentation](https://gcn.nasa.gov/docs/roadmap) for more information, including details on the Unified Schema and the GRB Name Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out our [roadmap](/docs/roadmap) for features that are under development, including the Unified Schema and the GRB Name Server.
```
